BBS# related updates without challenge overview (#40)
sander/hierarchical-deterministic-keys: keys.md

## Introduction

> This document specifies the algorithms to apply Hierarchical Deterministic Keys (HDKs). The purpose of an HDK architecture is to manage large sets of keys bound to a secure cryptographic device that protects a single key. This enables the development of secure digital identity wallets that only have one secret to manage.

Author: ```suggestion
This document specifies the algorithms to apply Hierarchical Deterministic Keys (HDKs). The purpose of an HDK architecture is to manage large sets of keys bound to a secure cryptographic device that protects a single key. This enables the development of secure digital identity wallets providing many one-time-use public keys.
```

Reviewer: Fine with that
